=head1 NAME

ssh-login.pl - brute force ssh accounts

=head1 SYNOPSIS

ssh-login.pl --password ~/password --keyfile ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub --host 10.1.2.3

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program will use a list of passwords and the system ssh client to try and
login to a remote host. 

It was written to ease the management of a large number of servers, all of
which had one of a collection of different "default" passwords. Going through
these passwords in an attempt to log in looses it's appeal after a time - hence
this tool. It's not designed to be fast, as the passwords are tried in serial.

If the program successfully logs on, and a public key has been specified with
--keyfile, the program will add the specified public key to the remote users
AuthorizedKeysFile file (defaults to ~/.ssh/authorized_keys) - but only if it
isn't already present. The permissions on this file are set to 600. If ~/.ssh/
doesn't exist it is created with permissions 700.

=head1 WARNING!

Make sure you keep the file containing your passwords secure!

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--password F<file>>

File containing a list of newline seperated passwords to use.

=item B<--keyfile F<~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub>>

Path to an SSH public key file. Defaults to ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub

=item B<--user root>

The username to attempt to log in as. Defaults to "root".

=item B<--host hostname>

The hostname/IP to attempt to log into.

=item B<--help>

Show the command line arguments.

=item B<--man>

Show the program documentation.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Probably relies on the remote user shell being bash.

Assumes the client is OpenSSH.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssh_config(5)>, L<Expect>

=head1 AUTHOR

Jonathan Barber - jonathan.barber@gmail.com

